[lively music]
[lively music continues]
[yelps]
[laughing]
Yes, go!
And... and tell your gangster father,
that if he's going to pay her school fees,
he should get her a new uniform.
[laughs]
[student 1] Let's go, guys!
[upbeat music]
[no audible dialogue]
-[thumps]
-[shrieks]
[indistinct clamoring]
[screaming]
[indistinct chatter]
[chuckles]
[giggles]
[clicks tongue, grunts]
[sighs]
[Chike's father]
So you now fighting like common touts?
Hm? Is that what you want to be, Chike?
Is that how I'm raising you up?
I'm talking to you! Talk to me! Huh?
[goons speaking indistinctly]
[goon in Hausa]
Your father!
-[goon 1] Hey!
-[gunshot]
-[Chike's father] Okay.
-[cocks gun]
-Come here!
-[goon 2] Hey! Hey!
-[gunshots]
-[goons groaning]
[goon yells]
-[goon grunts, groans]
-[thwacking]
-[thumps]
-[goon groans]
[gunshot]
[somber music]
[sighs deeply]
[blows air]
[pimp] Before the end of the year,
the kind of money she will make for you...
-you will just go and collect a title.
-Mm-hm.
[speaks Igbo]
[both laugh]
[in Igbo]
They will sing your praises!
-They will hail you!
-[Chike] Chief!
[both laughing]
[in English]
You haven't yet sold your daughter
into prostitution.
How dare you come into my house
and talk to me like this!
Eh? Will you get out!
[in Igbo]
Please take it easy.
-Who... who is this girl?
-Let it go.
[in English]
How do you sleep at night?
Chike.
[chuckles]
[pimp] Tell me, huh?
How many people did your father kill,
before the police caught up with him?
Oh?
Ten? Eleven?
[scoffs]
How did he sleep at night?
At least he didn't make his money
on the backs of young girls.
What I do provides a source of income
for these people.
Mm-hm.
God does not come down to bless you,
he sends people.
[pimp] I am godsent to them.
What I do makes me a hero!
Huh? And as for her, a better life.
For him...
more money.
[laughs]
[stutters]
Look, this does not concern you.
[snickers]
Grace knows her obligation
to, to her family.
[thuds]
There's a million naira.
Fuck your obligation!
[pimp] I like that.
You got that fire.
Now we are doing business.
[in Igbo]
You are doing the dance that's for elders.
Wait, wait, wait.
[in English]
Wait. Huh?
Leave this aside.
[in Igbo]
Take it easy.
[in English]
I increase the offer to two million naira.
[Grace's mother] No!
[Grace's father] No, what?
I said no.
You will accept the one million naira
from Chike.
Take Grace. Go. Never come back.
Are you crazy?
He is offering us two million.
-[glass clinks]
-What is that?
You're trying to spoil business
for us here,
do you know how much we are suffering
in this house?
[gloomy music]
Chike, where did you get
a million naira from?
I sold my left kidney.
-Oh, be serious.
-[chuckles]
I got it from Saliu.
Saliu the drug dealer?
Why would he want...
Chike, what would you have to do?
Free trips to Malaysia.
-[gasps]
-What?
All they need to do
is catch you after one trip
and you're dead, Malaysia.
Then I have to make sure
they don't catch me, don't I?
[sighs]
What?
-You are so awkward.
-[Grace] Thank you.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Where are we going?
[blows raspberry]
Somewhere far from here.
Any small thing you will be crying.
[giggles]
Saliu called while you were in the shower.
[Chike] What did he want?
He said you're going to Hong Kong
and the ticket is in the hotel room.
Fine, whatever.
[clears throat]
How do I look?
[both laugh]
You look so good
and almost getting ready to convert.
Thank you.
Grace.
You are still paying her.
She is my mother. I'm sending her money.
She was going to sell you
into sex slavery.
You don't owe her anything.
It's not your business.
[knocks on door]
Are you expecting somebody?
[tense music]
[Chike] Who are you?
Pack your things, you don't have time.
[door closes]
Do you know it takes an average male
three trips before they are busted
and you have done what? 10, 15?
I think you should leave.
Saliu has just been arrested by NDLEA
and he's given you up.
[Madame] Ah, Saliu is quite the drug lord.
Cross-continental mix.
Malaysia, Russia, Mexico.
It was quite a queue to capture him.
But you two...
Apparently, you're not just couriers,
you also trained other couriers
from different countries.
Just to hear him tell it.
You were major players
in the drug network, and you...
were meeting up with drug lords
in several countries.
Information you hold...
Wait, why are you telling us this?
So how did you do it?
How did you avoid being caught?
[Chike] And how do we know you're
not trying to trick us into confessing?
-I don't...
-[Grace] Chike.
What difference does it make?
Twenty trips, we did 20 trips.
We made friends on social media
and joined missions
with Malaysian connections.
We had reason each time,
that's how we did it.
Mm.
[suspenseful music]
Call the number on this card
when you're done.
Go, go, go...
[suspenseful music]
-Grace!
-Yes?
Let's go!
[tense music]
[knocking on door]
[foreboding music]
[ominous music]
[suspenseful music]
[sighs]
[light music]
[inaudible singing]
[light music continues]
[Chike] Uh, what is this place?
[Madame] A private members club.
-[Chike] You run a whore house.
-[Madame sighs]
Call the police.
I'd rather go to jail than do that.
I do not run a whore house.
[clicks tongue]
-[sighs]
-What do you want from us?
♪ Smothered by the hands of the one ♪
♪ Who should have loved me
With the love of the one ♪
♪ Into your arms we fell ♪
♪ We never had a say ♪
♪ They said we were the beautiful ones ♪
♪ Born before our time ♪
♪ So we put our makeup on ♪
♪ To hide away our flaws ♪
♪ The struggle is in vain ♪
♪ We have succumbed to your embrace ♪
♪ Hands up in the air we surrender ♪
♪ When the lights go out ♪
♪ Who will be there? ♪
♪ Who will be there for us? ♪
♪ When the lights go out ♪
♪ Who will be there? ♪
♪ Who will be there for us? ♪
♪ When the lights go out ♪
♪ Who will be there? ♪
♪ Who will be there for us? ♪
♪ When the lights go out ♪
♪ Who will be there? ♪
♪ Who will be there for us? ♪
♪ Tell me all your secrets ♪
♪ And I'll tell you none of mine ♪
-[horn honks]
-♪ Into my arms come now ♪
♪ Then wish you never had ♪
♪ The struggle is in vain ♪
♪ You will succumb to my embrace ♪
♪ Hands up in the air ♪
♪ Oh, surrender ♪
♪ When the lights go out ♪
♪ Who will be there? ♪
♪ Who will be there for us? ♪
♪ When the lights go out ♪
♪ Who will be there? ♪
♪ Who will be there for us? ♪
♪ When the lights go out ♪
♪ Who will be there? ♪
[upbeat music]
Hey.
Sunglasses at night.
[chuckles]
That's new.
[sighs]
What's wrong, Ngozi?
Huh, who did that to you?
My employer.
What? Why?
Because of you.
Me?
You work in banking,
why would that have to--
[scoffs]
You don't work in banking.
I work for Obicorps Pharmaceuticals.
Obicorp, they are an applicant
for the contract I'm awarding.
They are not happy.
And they thought I would award
a million-dollar contract for you.
[scoffs]
They must think you're really special.
It wasn't just a job for me.
I had to ask them.
Thank you, and I... I really am sorry.
Wait.
I'll do it.
[light music playing]
-[Dimeji] I can't get enough of you.
-[Grace gasps]
[Grace] Yes, Daddy.
[laughs]
[Grace] Wow.
Thou art in such a hurry.
[Dimeji] Oh, yes, I am.
[Grace] Welcome, baby.
[Dimeji and Grace laugh]
[Dimeji] Hmm.
[Grace] Ah.
[Dimeji] So where were we?
[Dimeji sighs heavily]
Mm.
[smooches]
[Grace] Okay.
Jesus!
-I think I've seen enough.
-[chuckles]
Who are you and what are you doing in my--
In your room?
Well, Pastor Dimeji, I'm your friend.
[Chike] Isn't that right, Tayo?
Yes, it is.
What, what is this?
[clicks tongue]
This... is a camera.
What do you want?
Uh-oh.
[Grace] I'll leave you guys to it.
Must you eat that now?
[clears throat]
Chike is here.
Did something happen?
Report.
Oh, it's done.
You can tell Megapharma that the Pastor
will no longer be a problem.
[light music]
[Chike] What's wrong?
Are you feeling bad about Dimeji?
I told you not to fall for him.
No.
It's not Dimeji.
Megapharma.
[sighs]
Chike, Megapharma is testing
unauthorized drugs on children.
[sighs]
[stutters]
Why are we...
[sighs]
Why are we letting this happen?
Okay, what would you have me do?
Chike, we can run away, we can go.
With all Madame knows about us?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life
running from the NDLEA?
What about what we know about her?
We can bring her down.
Come on, Chike,
is this the life you want to live?
Seducing pastors
and blackmailing them
into not whistleblowing
on a pharmaceutical company,
testing wrong drugs,
or fooling and deceiving
young trade attaché's
into making millions
for secret government contractors.
Is that what you want?
-I thought--
-Grace.
Technically, you seduced the pastor.
Chike...
-we don't have to live like this.
-[clicks tongue]
-We can go.
-Mm.
You know that if your dad was alive,
he will not do this.
Well, he's dead.
-So he doesn't get a say, does he?
-[scoffs]
-Okay.
-[knocks on door]
-[door opens]
-[Madame] Oh, good.
[Madame] You're awake.
We have a guest.
So, you dress up.
Make it simple, wear glasses.
Leave the red band.
We'll talk about this later.
The good stuff.
Mm-hm.
How you spoil me.
She... is perfect.
[Edem] Motunrayo Elesho.
[Chike] Motunrayo Elesho, the socialite?
-I want to marry her.
-[scoffs]
Uh, that's ambitious.
Oh, I like this one.
[chuckles]
Tunde Elesho.
The founder of Diageo bank.
[Edem] One day at 60,
he drops dead of a heart attack.
He leaves everything to his children.
Everything...
He also left his wife as chairman.
[Chike] You think she is looking
for a father figure?
[Edem] Which bad girl isn't?
[sighs]
[Chike] So what's the in?
[Edem] Her father's memorial...
is next month, his 10th memorial.
That's when we make our move.
[clears throat]
I know exactly how you feel.
-Uncle Edem.
-[both laugh]
So you finally decided to show up.
Is that the welcome I get?
I haven't seen you in years,
what kind of welcome were you expecting?
Now, I was expecting something
a little warmer perhaps.
Listen, I know it seems--
What are you doing here?
[sighs]
It is good to see you too, Toyin.
What are you doing here?
I came to pay my respects.
You're not welcome here.
Leave.
Toyin, it doesn't always have to...
Would you rather I call security?
[Edem sighs]
[tense music]
[Chike] You know them.
And you didn't think to mention this
in the entire month
we were working on this?
It wouldn't have helped you to know.
It wouldn't have helped to know
that you had a prior relationship
with a mark.
Are you crazy?
How did you know I was there
in the first place?
What are you talking about?
You were supposed to make contact
with the target at the club, right?
And I still plan to.
So how did you know I was there?
You had someone there, didn't you?
Huh?
Seems both of us broke the rules.
Enough.
[Grace] And Madame never said anything?
[Chike] Not a thing.
[Grace] So, is that why you want us
to meet here where we won't be overheard?
Are you worried about Madame?
Edem says he's known Madame
for over 20 years.
I want to know how they know each other
and why she let him pull that crap.
Is that all you want me to do,
or would you like me to walk on water too?
-[mumbling]
-[scoffs]
If you must.
♪ Otedola with the money ♪
♪ Jim Iyke with the love ♪
♪ Okocha with the ball ♪
♪ Maggi with the sause ♪
♪ Otedola with the money, oooh ♪
♪ Ramsey Noah with the love ♪
♪ Okocha with the balling, oooh ♪
♪ Ajenomoto with the sause, eh ♪
♪ My girl coke bottle in the body, oh ♪
♪ Coke bottle in the body ♪
♪ Coke bottle in the body, oh
You go kill somebody ♪
♪ My girl coke bottle in the body, oh ♪
♪ Coke bottle in the body ♪
♪ Coke bottle in the body, oh
You go kill somebody ♪
♪ All my girl so bad, they be foreign ♪
♪ Kim with the body
Rihanna with the face ♪
[Chike] Good evening, ma.
Should I open it?
Sure, open it.
♪ She be fanta with e color, oh
Honey with the taste ♪
♪ Vanilla with the flavor
Shakira with the waist ♪
Okay.
Do I look like an amateur?
We are a go.
Yeah.
It's time, it's time.
[guns clicking]
[in Pidgin]
Sir, what, what is the problem?
[in English]
This car is a stolen car.
Ah, this car a stolen car?
-Yes!
-It's not possible.
This car is a stolen car, Mr. Man.
-It's not a stolen car, sir.
-Okay.
Do you know who you are talking about?
-I don't care who the person is.
-Excuse me.
Officer, what seems to be the problem?
Ma, this car is a stolen car.
-This car?
-Yes.
You don't know what...
-This car is not stolen.
-It was reported stolen, madam.
-You must be mistaken,
-Hold it, just...
it's not a stolen car.
[phone beeping]
-[busy tone]
-[Motunrayo groans]
-[phone chiming]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Motunrayo] Hello?
-[phone static]
[Motunrayo] Hello?
[indistinct chatter]
[driver] You asked I move, I'll move back.
Officer, you are playing with your job.
-Officer, please.
-[officer] Get me a towing van!
-[driver] This... this is...
-You can't tow this car, oh.
[Motunrayo] This is wrong.
You can't be doing this.
[officer] Come back, come back.
How can my car be stolen? It's not stolen.
What the fuck is wrong with my phone?
[indistinct chatter]
[beeps]
-[beeping]
-[Motunrayo] Oh, shit!
Damn it!
[Chike] Are you okay?
You.
[laughs]
Can I borrow your phone?
My phone is dead.
Can I borrow some money?
What money?
I'll have to beg my landlord
to take late rent again.
I'm hoping the remaining 500 naira I have,
is enough to buy petrol to take me home.
Look...
[sighs]
You have a car, I'll pay your rent.
If you take me home.
What?
I bet that's stupid.
Go into the club
and ask someone to help you.
-[indistinct chatter in Yoruba]
-Um...
[indistinct chatter in Yoruba continues]
Please, I have money.
It's my money, I'll pay you what you want.
[indistinct chatter]
-[tires screech]
-[indistinct chatter]
[chatter in Yoruba]
[in Yoruba]
Keep quiet.
Do you know her?
Are you mad?
[in Yoruba]
This is the most important thing.
[chuckles]
[in Yoruba]
Money is the most important thing.
[speaking Yoruba]
[Chike] Your phone is working.
-[Motunrayo] What?
-[Chike] Your phone.
[Chike] It's working.
[Motunrayo] Oh, my god. Yes, it is.
[Chike] You don't need me anymore.
You can order an Uber or whatever.
[Motunrayo sighs]
[Motunrayo] You know what?
We had a deal.
You take me home and I pay your rent.
[Chike] I need to stop at home briefly.
[Motunrayo] You live here?
You have no idea.
Uh.
Please, I'm coming.
Okay.
-I'll be right back.
-All right.
Oh...
[chuckles]
-[groans]
-[lock clanks]
[Chike] Oh, I can't believe
that this guy...
-[dog barking]
-...locked my house.
I can't believe
that this guy locked my house.
God help me punish, Mr. Edem.
God will punish him.
He locked my house.
He actually used padlocks.
[Chike] Mr. Edem!
Mr. Edem!
Mr. Edem, this is not fair!
Mr. Edem, why will you lock my house now?
Mr. Edem, it's not fair!
Mr. Edem, it's not...
Why did you padlock my house?
I got your message.
Okay?
I'm done.
I'm tired of this.
-You--
-[Edem] No, no. I'm not hearing it.
We're done.
I need you to get your stuff,
first thing tomorrow.
That's it.
-Ah, Mr. Ed--
-[Edem] No, no. No, seriously,
-I'm done with you.
-[Motunrayo] Uncle Edem?
Motunrayo.
What are you doing here?
And with her?
Uh... she's...
a friend.
-And, and I'm here to help pay her rent.
-Hm.
Right.
Okay.
Come in.
[Chike] Sorry, ma.
Thank you, Aunty.
[Chike] Do you know them?
That's my dad, Edem, and Aunt Enitan.
My dad's former PA.
[coughing]
[sniffles]
Well, hello there.
How's it going?
It's good.
So what happened?
You were gone for 13 years.
Well, during the 2004 bank consolidation,
I made a takeover bid
with a different investor.
[chuckles]
My dad would have rather died
than sell his company.
I thought I was helping out.
He, on the other hand,
thought it was a betrayal.
Sorry, um, it's getting late,
and I'm working a double shift tomorrow.
Oh, right, of course.
Okay.
[clears throat]
[sighs]
-Hm.
-Thank you.
-[Chike] Uh-uh.
-Okay, so.
[Chike] No, but we had a deal, no, like,
you pay my rent and I take you home.
But my car is already here.
[relieved sigh]
-[Chike] Who is that?
-It's okay, he's my brother.
Hey.
-Thank you.
-What the hell, sis.
It's 4:00 a.m.
My car was impounded by the police.
Yeah, it's always one thing or the other.
Please, let's go.
This is my baby brother Bamidele.
Although with the way he's acting,
you can't really tell.
This is Janet.
Hello.
Please get in the car,
let me drop you off and go back to bed.
[sighs]
Anyway, thank you.
-Thank you. Bye.
-[chuckles]
What are you doing?
We had a plan.
I changed the plans.
We were supposed to be playing you
as a cooler, aloof older man.
What is this, I'm the disgrace friend
of the family shit?
How is that attractive to anybody?
You know, I really don't need
to explain myself to anyone.
Stop messing with my plan.
I'll slap that stupid look off your face.
[Chike] This is new.
Are you hoping to bring
your boyfriend here?
Dimeji doesn't come here.
He feels bad about what's been done
to the children in his name.
What's been done to these children
except play and free food.
That boy over there.
[Grace] He got the vaccination
less than a year ago.
[Chike] How do you know he wasn't
in the wheelchair before?
Because he was the case
I used to find Dimeji.
That boy was one of the brightest kids
in this orphanage.
Grace, this isn't our problem.
We need to focus.
Chike, I cannot even understand
how you're not bothered.
We're not the ones doing it.
But we're letting them do it.
Grace, I get it.
You like Pastor Dimeji,
you like these children,
and what's happening to them is a tragedy.
But, Grace, this isn't our fight.
We could make it our fight.
You called.
Now, do you have anything on the Enitan
that worked for Daraja?
Thank you.
[gloomy music]
[gasps]
You've got to be shitting me.
[foreboding music]
[Chike] You worked for Daraja.
Why didn't you tell me?
It is enough for you to know
I have my reasons...
and I expect you
to no longer pry into my affairs.
Yes, Madame.
[indistinct chatter]
Mommy.
You kept me waiting for over an hour.
And you waited...
then it's important.
I wanna talk about Uncle Edem.
Motunrayo.
He feels really bad about what he did.
You spoke with him.
[Mrs. Elesho] Again.
After the memorial?
What is wrong with you?
Uh-uh, Mommy, what?
What?
Even you said that he helped you
and daddy set up Daraja,
and you cut him off
just because of one mistake.
One.
You call what he did one mistake?
Looks like I'm not the only one
you never forgave.
[gloomy music]
Hmm.
Trust you to turn it back to yourself.
It's to be expected.
It's not like you would ever
put the family first.
Uncle Edem is family.
Edem is not part of my family!
Why are you always
so irresponsible, Motunrayo?
[Mrs. Elesho] Motunrayo.
[gloomy music]
-[knocking on door]
-[Motunrayo] Coming.
Why didn't you use your key?
Uh, you told me not to.
[chuckles]
Remember?
Mom said I should check on you.
No, she didn't.
Well, she said you came to see her
and you left upset
and your mommy,
that's pretty much an order.
-[laughs]
-Whatever.
Why would I want to meet him,
somebody that betrayed our family?
Why?
He was our favorite uncle
while we were growing up.
Yeah, that was then.
You have to let bygones be bygones.
[laughs]
You have to let...
Have you met your mother?
[laughs]
Let bygones be bygones indeed.
As a matter of fact,
I'm meeting him tonight.
So, are you coming?
[Motunrayo] Coming?
This is a mistake.
♪ Oya, give them, give them ♪
♪ Left and right, hot-hot ♪
["Miracle" by Dice Ailes playing]
[background chatter]
Janet, your friend is here.
♪ Ah, come bless me
I need a miracle ♪
We have to talk.
[Chike] Okay, I need to change.
If your... If your brother
had picked you up from there,
surely he knows his way back
to the location.
Exactly what I told her.
[Motunrayo] Can you help us?
Please.
Fine.
-Fine.
-Okay.
All right, let me just quickly use
the bathroom,
and then when I'm back, we'll go.
-All right?
-Okay.
[Chike clears throat]
[clears throat]
Um...
Um... I'm...
I'm really sorry. I was...
I was an asshole the first time we met.
Uh-huh.
I thought you were one
of Motunrayo's friends, that's why.
[laughs]
I just...
[chuckles]
Wow, does your sister know you have
such high opinions of her friends?
[laughs]
Trust me, every chance I get, I tell her.
[chuckles]
[clears throat]
Bamidele.
My name is... Janet.
Nice to...
-Sorry, sorry.
-[laughs]
Nice to meet you... Janet.
Nice to meet you too.
[chuckles]
Again, I'm, I'm really sorry...
It's okay, it's okay.
What took you so long?
Number two?
[laughs]
-Sorry, I was...
-Let's go.
It's interesting that a banker
was this close to your family.
That's what you were right,
their banker?
[Edem] Well, I started off as a banker,
and then Tunde took me in as a son.
[Chike] And then you betrayed him.
I was trying to save him.
-Well, he felt differently. Why was that?
-[Bamidele] Uh...
Uncle Edem here.
Listen. You know, when you are young...
you're naive,
you think you have all the answers.
But you know, life deals you a bad hand
and then you lose something as precious
as your entire family.
[Edem] I regret it.
And I sincerely hope you never have
to face the same fate.
[Chike] Hmm.
I know a girl...
the only girl in her family.
Her parents tried to convince her
to go to Italy.
Sometimes...
it's better to lose your family.
What's wrong with going to Italy?
[laughs]
[Motunrayo] Please forgive my brother.
-He has lived a very sheltered life.
-No, no, no. I just...
They wanted her to go to Italy
to become a prostitute.
-Oh.
-So she could send money home.
Oh, oh, oh.
-[chuckles]
-Sorry.
Listen, I think we're getting intense,
let us all calm down a little.
[Edem] I have to be in the kitchen.
I have things to do.
Janet, kitchen now.
What are you playing at?
What am I playing at?
It's obvious you're not trying
to get her to marry you.
-[Edem] This is my plan. Stick to it.
-[Chike] Your plan?
I thought it was my plan.
You think this is a joke?
Really? You want to do this right now?
[thumps]
[mutters]
One sec.
I will not say it again.
We need to talk. Now.
[keyboard clacking]
Took you long enough.
[Grace] I told you I was busy.
Edem is not being straightforward with us.
We need to find out what's going on.
[Grace] Who cares what's going on?
[sighs]
He's just a broke playboy
who wants to stay on the gravy train.
Besides, I'm really confused
as to why you're concerned with that.
Rather than being concerned with
actual children who are being poisoned
-by a pharmaceutical company.
-Jesus!
Why does this bother you so much?
Why does it not bother you at all?
[scoffs]
[mumbles]
That is Tobias Vexler.
He's VP Africa.
He's the one that hired us, scroll.
Now, that is Vanessa Strowman.
She's head of compliance.
She received an e-mail yesterday,
with the video of the blackmail.
I expect Tobias is heading back to HQ
to face the music.
I thought you didn't care.
I don't, but you do.
You are my best friend, so...
[Grace] Chike.
Chike.
In my research,
I found out that the Elesho's once had
a three-year-old daughter who had died.
I didn't think anything of it
until one of my clients and contacts
sent me this picture.
[Grace] Her eyes are green
just like Madame's.
She is your child.
[foreboding music]
They took your child?
Is she Mr. Elesho's?
I thought I told you
not to get involved in my affairs.
You involved me.
[gloomy music]
Nurse!
Nur...
No... Ow...
No.
[groans]
Oh, no, no, no.
[Madame pants]
Please, please.
I told you.
He belongs to me.
Him.
And everything he creates.
Including that child
you tried to steal from his body.
Please, where is my baby? Please.
Run away and hide.
[Madame sobbing]
Even fly as far as you can go.
[Madame] Please.
Because if I ever see you again...
I will kill you.
[whimpering]
No, no, please, please.
Ah! Uh, please. Wait, wait, wait.
[groans, sobs]
[Madame] Please wait, wait, wait!
-[Madame groans]
-[clatters]
[Madame] Ah, please wait!
Wait, wait! My baby!
[sobbing]
[screaming]
They took my baby and killed her.
[Chike sighs]
Why didn't you tell me?
I needed you not to know.
-Then what--
-[door opens]
[approaching footsteps]
Kelly?
My name is Dier Spencer.
And I'm an agent with the US
Federal Investigation Division.
You finally sold us out.
[Madame] The NDLEA couldn't meet my price,
but the American government could.
You mentioned you had some information
about some persons of interest
that went missing today.
[Madame] Two drug mules.
Do you know where they are?
[Madame] I might.
I planned to turn you in
almost immediately,
but you proved to be very useful
so I kept postponing.
-Lucky us.
-[Madame] Mm.
Grace!
Grace, Grace, run, run! It's a trap.
-It's a trap.
-Grace doesn't need to run.
Grace.
Yes, Madame.
Hand the original surveillance footage
to Agent Spencer.
You bitch.
They were going to send
my mother to prison
because of the money I sent to her.
My fault, but I couldn't let that happen.
You chose your mother over me?
-[grunting]
-[Grace groaning]
[Chike grunting]
[thwacks]
[handcuffs click]
[spits]
So what was the price you paid for me?
Hmm?
Hope it was worth it.
[Madame] Grace.
[rips]
[somber music]
[Kelly] I recently arrested this person.
Chike Ekeh.
She's a drug dealer and a con-artist,
and your son Bamidele Elesho,
was recently part
of her latest confidence scheme.
This is nonsense. This is nonsense.
We actually have evidence
on both of your meetings.
This is ridiculous, I was at, uh...
the hotel to meet Blue Stream--
Stream Capital.
Yes!
[camera shutter clicking]
We had e-mail exchanges showing that,
Blue Stream Capital
was a front for your meeting.
I, I never sent any e-mail.
And you don't even have proof
that I did this.
[camera shutter clicks]
I'm actually doing this as courtesy.
You are a US citizen,
and you're a personal friend
of the ambassador.
We will be charging Miss Ekeh next week,
and the information
on your son will be out.
But, my son says he is innocent.
Yeah.
Miss Ekeh was part of an international
drug smuggling ring.
It is more likely that any
of her associates will be flagged.
I see.
Agent Spencer, thank you.
Regards to the ambassador.
-Bamidele.
-Mom.
[stutters]
I didn't...
I didn't do that, Mom.
I swear, I didn't.
I only met that woman once!
When she took us
to, to Uncle Edem's house, right?
Tell her!
What am I supposed to say?
I met a random woman
who turned out to be Uncle Edem's tenant.
How am I supposed to know
when you met her?
She was working with Edem.
You were working with Edem.
-Mom... Mom...
-Bamidele, how could you?
Mom, I'll never do such.
I will never do anything like that, Mom,
I swear to you, I will never... Oh...
Son, you will have to give up
your shares in Daraja.
Mom.
Your name has just been linked
with a drug dealer.
What if he's innocent?
No, it doesn't matter.
No one will believe it,
and the entire family will be ruined.
Mom.
Son, you will have to do this
for the family
and you will have to do it now.
Motunrayo.
You will take the shares.
[Motunrayo] What?
Why?
You are the future of the family
and you will have to do this one.
[sighs]
-[groans]
-Mom, I, I, think that...
Mom, Mom.
[gloomy music]
[gloomy music continues]
You were right.
She gave me the shares.
[somber music]
[inaudible dialogue]
-[Tunde] Tell her!
-[Mrs. Elesho] You do not understand...
-[Tunde] You have to tell her!
-Why, why?
-Why do you want to tell her?
-[Tunde] She's her mother!
-No, I am her mother!
-Her mother won't take
this rubbish from you.
Stop this rubbish. C'mon, stop this!
[Mrs. Elesho] I am her mother,
you were supposed to be with me
instead of running off
with that bloody slut!
[Tunde] Rubbish.
Daddy! Daddy!
[sobs]
-[whimpers]
-What are you doing here?
[sobbing]
-[screaming]
-Get into your room!
[in Yoruba]
Useless child, disgraceful child!
-Get into your room
-[wailing]
[Mrs. Elesho in English]
Crying like a banshee.
[whimpering]
[sobbing]
[somber music]
[ominous music]
[music box playing]
[somber music]
[sniffles, pants]
[sobbing]
Motunrayo, what are you doing here?
[sniffles]
Uh...
I'm so sorry, Aunty.
I killed her.
I'm so, so sorry.
[sobbing]
[both whimpering]
She has refused to leave
since she got here.
[Edem] Motunrayo, my dear.
Your people are frantic with worry.
You have to go home.
Please.
Uncle Edem, I killed her.
I killed Charity.
No, you didn't.
[Motunrayo] I was watching her.
I took my eyes off for a second...
and she jumped off the balcony.
It was just...
for a second, I swear.
[Edem] It's not your fault.
Are you hearing me?
It was an accident.
It can happen to anyone.
I need you to go home.
So, your people can take care of you.
I owe you, Aunty Enitan.
More than I can ever repay.
If there is anything you need from me...
it's yours without question.
I'm so sorry.
[somber music]
Miss Motunrayo.
Will you be kind to walk me out?
Of course.
[somber music]
[upbeat music]
Hey!
-Look at you.
-[laughs]
[Madame] It's been so long.
I called the number,
all it gave me was an address
and then, it hung up.
Oh, that's how we keep The Academy safe.
What is this place?
Is it, uh...
-Whor--
-Whorehouse?
[both laugh]
It's a private club.
Well, I entertain for your father
long enough to understand that,
powerful men want a place
where they can be themselves...
away from the world,
and The Academy provides that.
Well, it kind of sounds like a whorehouse.
[laughs]
Well, men just want to be listened to.
You'll be amazed at the secrets
they spill here.
For example, it was here
that I learned your father had passed on.
In spite of everything, I'm sorry.
I loved him once upon a time.
He was married to my mother.
So you understand why he fell for me.
[both laugh]
I was so glad you could come,
I didn't think you would.
I gave you my word.
Anything you want, it's yours.
Hmm.
[clicks tongue]
A friend told me
that your father left the bank
to you and your brother?
Your father had three children.
It should have been divided equally.
Charity is dead, Aunty Enitan.
And I am her only living relative.
I should be her beneficiary
[sighs]
I'd give you my shares in a second,
-but my mom has the highest shares.
-I know the structure.
And I can't sell without her permission.
[Madame] I know the structure.
What I'm saying to you is this.
One day,
I will come to you
to help me get goals shares,
and you will do so.
Is that fair?
[gloomy music]
[snoring]
[knocking on door]
[snorts]
-[snores]
-[knocking on door]
[coughs]
[snoring]
[knocking on door]
[clicks tongue]
[snorts]
[sucks teeth]
-[sighs]
-[knocking on door]
Yes, hello, can I help you?
[deliveryman] Yeah. This is for you.
Okay. Thank you.
[gloomy music]
[Motunrayo]
You want me to set up my brother.
Only for a short time.
As long as this project takes to,
you know it's just a short time.
No.
I can't do it, I won't do it.
"I owe you more than I can ever repay you.
If you ever need anything from me,
it is yours without question."
Your words, not mine.
[sighs]
What do you need me to do?
[knocking on door]
-[door creaks]
-[Motunrayo groans]
[Motunrayo] Can I help you?
Uh, are you crazy?
My name is Grace, I work with Madame.
What do you want?
To prepare you.
Prepare me for what?
To convince Chike that you're the target
of a love triangle operation
with Mr. Edem Bucknur.
[snickers, sighs]
Uncle Edem and I?
That is so absurd,
no one is going to believe that.
Chike is Madame's most skilled operative
and if you do not prepare well,
everything is going to fall apart.
How long do I have?
[Grace] One month.
What are you doing here?
[sighs]
It is good to see you too, Toyin.
What are you doing here?
I came to pay my respects.
You are not welcome here.
Leave.
Toyin, it doesn't always have to...
Would you rather I call security?
[tense music]
What is wrong with you?
What did I do?
He came up to me.
What was I supposed to do?
Turn and walk away?
Yes.
Mom?
[sighs]
[Motunrayo] Can I ask you a question?
Your face changes
whenever Chike's name comes up.
What's up with that?
Mm.
You are getting really good at this.
I have a good teacher. Mm?
[chuckles]
Don't drink too much.
Tomorrow is a very big day.
[Motunrayo] I've ordered the drinks.
Oh, god, I'm so nervous.
I never thought I'll be this nervous.
You're going to be fine.
Remember, just play yourself.
I would never do this.
Oh, yes, but she doesn't know that.
Have fun.
[sighs deeply]
Okay.
[pants]
Have fun.
[sighs sharply]
[tense music]
[Chike] Good evening, ma.
Should I open it?
Sure, open it.
[foreboding music]
-Do you know who you are talking about?
-I don't care.
Excuse me.
Officer, what seems to be the problem?
What's the fuck is wrong with my phone?
[indistinct chatter]
[Chike] Are you okay?
[Motunrayo] You.
[Motunrayo laughs]
Can I borrow your phone?
[Chike] Oh, I can't believe
that this guy...
-[dog barking]
-...locked my house.
I can't believe
that this guy locked my house.
God help me punish Mr. Edem.
God will punish him.
[Chike] Do you know them?
That's my dad, Edem, and Aunt Enitan.
My dad's former PA.
[coughing]
[foreboding music]
-[Chike] Uh-uh.
-Okay, so.
[Chike] No, but we had a deal, no, like,
you pay my rent and I take you home.
But my car is already here.
[chuckles]
[relieved sigh]
[Motunrayo] Thanks for the ride.
No wahala.
[sighs]
You know I love you, right?
I love how you're always there for me.
[sighs]
I will... see you around.
Take care of yourself, huh?
I will.
[car engine revs]
[foreboding music]
[knocking on door]
[knocking continues]
[Motunrayo] Hold on a second.
What's wrong?
[Grace] We didn't get what we needed.
What do you mean?
We couldn't get an isolated picture of him
and her alone by the car.
Damn it.
[sighs]
Wait a minute, why are you here?
[Grace] We would need to try again.
What?
How?
I want to talk about Uncle Edem.
I'm meeting him tonight, so...
are you coming?
All right, let me just quickly
use the bathroom,
and then when I'm back, we'll go.
-All right?
-Okay.
Hey, what's going on?
[Grace] We're getting the picture.
Hold on.
That's it. You can come out now.
Did you hear me? We are on again.
Yes, yes, I heard you.
I heard you.
[sobs]
[sighs sharply]
[Kelly] Thank you for meeting me
on such short notice.
[gloomy music]
You were right.
She gave me the shares.
So I'll see you tonight?
[sighs]
[door squeaks]
Mommy, you need to come with me, now.
Come with you where?
Motunrayo, what are you talking about?
It's past ten.
Mommy, we can save Bamidele.
[Madame] Welcome, Toyin.
What do you want?
Are you sure you don't want to sit?
Or should I pat you down for weapons?
After all, you said you will kill me.
Last time we met.
Is this supposed to be revenge
for Charity?
Don't you dare speak her name.
The name that I gave her.
She called me Mommy.
And she jumped up for joy
anytime I entered the room.
She is dead because of you.
Oh, and that is how you justify...
whatever this is.
Is that what she told you?
That you have to make amends for Charity.
Darling, it was an accident.
Wow.
That's the first time
you've ever said those words to me.
[Madame] Agent Spencer is a friend.
I may be able to convince her
to charge Chike Ekeh
for her other crimes...
and leave out the recent escapades.
Motunrayo, you agreed to this...
to have your brother labeled
a drug dealer?
He doesn't have to be.
All we have to do
is hand over 33 percent of Daraja
which is what Charity
would have inherited anyway.
Is that true, Enitan?
Will 33 percent make the charges go away?
[laughing]
I have always loved you...
Toyin.
You have always seen the big picture.
[laughs]
What?
What are you talking about?
You will hand over your golden share.
And you, 75 percent of Daraja.
What?
We had a deal.
You're only supposed to take a third!
What are you doing?
Silly girl.
Did you actually think
that this was an attempt at restitution?
Mommy, we don't have to agree to this.
We can fight this.
Oh.
And you think that we can leave here
without agreeing to this?
Actually, I have a number of...
strapping young men
who will make life very hard for you.
And I'm sure you wouldn't want me
to resort to that, would you?
[Madame] Hm?
[laughing]
I'm sorry. I, I didn't know.
We have a deal.
[gloomy music]
[gloomy music continues]
[glasses clink]
[Motunrayo] Mom?
Let me explain.
Motunrayo.
You destroyed your family.
For a woman...
for a whore...
who tried to destroy my marriage.
Mommy, it wasn't like that.
I only wanted
to make it right for Charity.
Yes.
And you ended up destroying us.
It would have been better if you had died
instead of her.
Mom, I will do whatever it takes
to make it right.
[Motunrayo] I promise.
-[thwacks]
-[yelps]
[sobs]
[somber music]
[knocks on door]
[water pattering]
[ominous music]
Hello?
We have a problem.
Isn't that always the case?
Mm-hm.
Okay.
[water pattering]
Whatever, the size, he'll pay.
-[Chike] Oh.
-[Grace] Yes.
He is blowing the whistle on Megapharma.
[Chike] Okay. Good.
Madame wants to see you.
[Madame] Report.
I said report.
Pastor Dimeji is ready
to turn on Megapharma.
He'll be sending an e-mail tonight.
I knew you'd be successful.
That's why I went ahead
to set up a meeting with Megapharma.
I don't quite understand.
Oh, you see,
to be a successful rat-catcher,
you need to breed rats.
Of course.
You and Chike need to come up with a plan
to keep the Pastor quiet,
whilst I consider how much I'm going to
charge Megapharma for the privilege.
[Madame] That's not all.
The first folder contains all you need
to know about Bamidele Elesho.
We need to establish a relationship
between him and Blue Stream.
The second folder contains a signed
profile from the US government,
granting you immunity
for all your drug crimes.
[stuttering]
Why are you offering me this?
Chike will take the fall with Bamidele.
No, Chike is my sister.
I will never betray her.
Never betray her
even if it means saving yourself?
No!
What about saving your mother?
She received the money you sent her.
[Kelly] Which makes her an accessory
after the fact.
That's ten years in prison.
[Madame] Oh, by the way,
this is Agent Spencer.
She works with the United States
Drugs Agency.
[Madame] Chike is going down.
Question is...
whether you choose to go with her.
-[Dimeji] I can't get enough of you.
-[Grace screams]
[Grace] Yes, Daddy.
[laughs]
[Grace] Wow.
Thou art in such a hurry.
[Dimeji] Yes, I am.
[Grace] Welcome, baby.
[Dimeji and Grace laugh]
Hmm...
[Grace] Ah.
[Dimeji] So where were we?
[Dimeji exhales sharply]
[smooches]
[Chike] Okay.
Jesus!
-I think I've seen enough.
-[Grace chuckles]
Who are you, and what...
what are you doing in my--
In your room?
Well, Pastor Dimeji, I'm your friend.
[Chike] Isn't that right, Tayo?
Yes, it is.
[stutters]
Why are we...
[sighs]
Why are we letting this happen?
Okay, what would you have me do?
Chike, we can run away, we can go.
With all Madame knows about us?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life
running from the NDLEA?
What about what we know about her?
We can bring her down.
Come on, Chike,
is this the life you want to live?
Grace, I get it.
You like Pastor Dimeji,
you like these children,
and what's happening to them is a tragedy.
But, Grace, this isn't our fight.
We could make it our fight.
You called.
Now, do you have anything on the Enitan
that worked for Daraja?
Thank you.
[gloomy music]
Thank you for coming
-[Grace] Dimeji--
-What do you want?
I'm sorry.
Don't you dare apologize.
You approached me.
You convinced me to spill the beans
on Megapharma,
and then you blackmail me into silence.
-I'm sorry about everything.
-[Dimeji] No!
You don't get to do this.
You don't get to destroy my life,
and then do this.
No.
What kind of person are you?
Somebody who loves you.
Dimeji, somebody who is here
to find out if there's still ever
any chance for us, please.
Go to hell.
[somber music]
[sighs]
Took you long enough.
[Grace] I told you I was busy.
Edem is not being straightforward with us.
We need to find out what's going on.
[Grace] Who cares what's going on?
He's just a broke playboy
who wants to stay on the gravy train.
Besides, I'm really confused
as to why you're concerned with that.
Rather than being concerned with actual
children who are being poisoned
-by a pharmaceutical company.
-Jesus!
Why does this bother you so much?
Why does it not bother you at all?
Chike.
In my research,
I found out that the Eleshos once had
a three-year-old daughter who had died.
I didn't think anything of it,
until one of my clients and contacts
sent me this picture.
Yeah, but--
Shh.
[gasps]
[foreboding music]
[water running]
[Kelly] You are not working with Madame
to hook Edem and Motunrayo up.
They are planning to take over Daraja.
They're using you to get the cooperation
of the US government
in exchange for handing you over
for drug crimes.
I've been trying to figure out
a way to get you out,
but they've been watching me like a hawk.
They pull the trigger tomorrow.
We're out of options.
I'm sorry,
I'm telling you this so you can run.
[gloomy music]
[water running]
[Kelly] We need to see.
Go to Madame. Tell her that you need to go
over tomorrows plans with her and Mide,
to ensure nothing goes wrong.
Once he leaves, I'll leave.
Once you are done with that
come meet me at the spot.
Make sure you are not followed.
[water running]
[water turns off]
[gloomy music]
Sorry, it took this long.
Madame has been obsessively
preparing for tomorrow.
How could you not tell me?
Chike, I couldn't tell you
and then risk you blowing it.
I spent the last three months
looking for how--
And the best you could come up with
was run away?
It's either that,
or you spend 20 years in jail
-for drug crime...
-So what happens to you if I run?
It'll be my turn to save you.
Lucky me, but, no.
No.
So, what do we do?
Madame will expect you
to confront her tomorrow about her child.
And then Kelly is supposed
to come in and make an arrest.
And if I run, they will know
that you tipped me off.
[Grace] Yes.
There is only one thing we can do.
[Bamidele] Why wouldn't I just
confront Motunrayo and stop this?
Because Madame will try again.
It's better to let the plan go ahead
then counter it.
[sighs]
Are you sure this is not just a plan
for you to get away?
The US is arresting me.
The question you have to answer
is whether Madame goes down with me.
[gloomy music]
Did you not read the terms
of your immunity deal?
We want to know what it will take
to change that deal.
Grace, Grace, run, run! It's a trap.
-It's a trap.
-Grace doesn't need to run.
Grace?
Yes, Madame.
Hand the original surveillance footage
to Agent Spencer.
You bitch.
They were going to send
my mother to prison
because of the money I sent to her.
My fault, but I couldn't let that happen.
You chose your mother over me?
[grunts]
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
[inaudible dialogue]
[EKG monitor beeping]
What?
Oh, no, you're lying. No, you're lying.
No!
You, can you see that?
This is all your fault!
This is... This is all your fault!
-This is all your fault!
-I know you're upset.
You know... You know I'm upset. You...
Fuck you!
[speaking Yoruba]
[in English]
But... but we can fix it.
-So we can still fix it.
-We can fix...
She's dead!
Can you hear yourself? You can fix what?
Leave me alone.
[door closes]
[sighs]
[Chike] Grace, you need to calm him down.
We need him on our side
to figure this thing out.
Another impossible task coming up.
Well, it looks like our deal is off
because you just lost your star witness.
Wait.
Our flight is at 6:00 a.m., right?
[sighs]
So I still have four hours.
Or I could take you in.
But maybe, our flight was now.
Listen, I'm not going to stop you
at your chance of revenge, okay?
But just know that the clock is ticking.
Tick-tock.
[sighs]
[ominous music]
[upbeat music playing]
[Chike] Enitan.
Enitan!
You better get your green-eyed ass
down here now!
The Americans are laxer than I thought.
[Chike] I didn't escape.
The Americans want me,
but I convinced them to take you too.
Oh, and congratulations,
you got your revenge.
Motunrayo is dead.
[Edem] You're lying.
[Chike] Is that guilt I hear?
You should have thought about that
before you got her
to betray her entire family
for Madame's game.
-She's lying.
-[Edem] Uh-uh. Obviously.
You know, that day,
in your house,
I thought you were being real.
[snickers]
You were just telling her a sob story
so that she'll believe you.
-Shut up!
-[Chike] And for what?
So that Madame can own shares?
Why are you trying to divide us?
I have the golden share,
and the plan has always been for Edem
to have some of my shares.
[laughs]
Point of correction.
You think you have the golden share.
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
[Edem] We have a problem.
Chike has the golden share.
The transaction is invalid.
Are the agreements ready?
Yes, Madame.
They will all be ready
for the arrival of the elections.
Get me that crazy girl!
You...
will sign the golden shares to me.
Why would I?
[thwacks]
Huh.
You still don't get it, do you?
You could break me if you had time,
but when Agent Spencer dropped me off,
she gave me 30 minutes.
Now I'm betting that I could hold off
for the remaining five minutes or so.
That's a bet I'm willing to take.
Wait. Just one second.
This doesn't make sense.
Why did you come back?
I came back for you.
Madame's share transfers are invalid.
Hmm.
Motunrayo still has all the shares.
But she's dead.
And Bamidele is her next of kin.
Now he wants revenge on the woman
that killed his sister.
He is willing to offer you
20 percent of Daraja
if you confess your part in the scam
to the US government.
You get immunity...
and she goes to jail.
You're lying.
Check my purse.
[snickers]
Edem.
There are two documents.
A share transfer form...
and an offer of immunity
from the US government.
Edem!
Well, they're signed.
So, why do I need you?
You don't.
But how does Madame know
that you are not going to turn on her?
[Madame] Edem.
Tear that up!
[Chike laughs]
Wow!
[Chike] Whoa!
[tense music]
I accept your deal!
[panting]
[foreboding music]
I could kill you right here.
Right now.
-No.
-[knife clanks]
You couldn't.
Is that all you have to say to me?
You know, I...
I thought real hard and long
about a speech...
but nah.
Fuck you!
I won.
Whoo!
[Chike laughs]
[gloomy music]
[chair clanks]
[sighs]
[Grace] You are a lot less damaged
than I expected.
Edem turned quicker
than I thought he would.
[Grace sighs]
Where is he?
He's in the car,
giving his statement to Kelly.
Okay.
Well, I just wish we could make him pay
for what he did also.
Oh.
But we did.
[gloomy music]
[sighs]
What?
-How?
-How come?
[Bamidele] How?
I cannot believe she didn't tell me.
How?
Why would I wanna fake my own death?
Because you don't want Madame
to steal your company.
Come on, Aunty Enitan will never do that,
we have a deal.
And if she stabs you in the back
like she did me?
Hey, if I'm wrong,
you don't have to do anything.
I go to jail and you're happily at home
for your family's crimes.
But if I'm right,
how do you get your company back?
You are a horrible, manipulative person.
Yeah, I learned from the best.
And so did you.
-I'm nothing like you.
-[Chike] Yeah, yeah.
My father was an assassin,
my mother was a whore,
and I was a drug trafficker.
And the surface were nothing alike,
-but Madame found--
-I am nothing like you.
Motunrayo.
You are about to set up your brother
for a crime he didn't commit,
and use that to blackmail your mother
into handing over
a large share of her company
to her husband's mistress.
Yeah.
You are nothing like me.
How do I know
that it's not one of your games?
Because she's sending me to jail
for a very long time.
[giggling]
[laughs]
I still can't believe you never told me.
I know.
That was payback for waiting as long
as you did to tell me about Madame.
Now you know how it feels.
It just doesn't feel right
that you're the only one going down.
We both dealt drugs.
Only because I made you.
[sighs]
And I think it's good
that one of us is free.
[gloomy music]
How about your pastor?
I've burnt that bridge a long time ago.
You never know.
-Stop crying.
-I'm so sorry, I can't...
[somber music]
[Kelly] Chike, we've got to go.
Chike, we've got to go.
-[clears throat]
-[sniffles]
[in Pidgin]
Crybaby.
[chuckles]
[clears throat]
[Kelly] You're ready?
Do you have everything you need?
[Kelly] Yeah.
Guess we're done then.
Oh. Uh...
Edem, I lied.
Motunrayo is not dead.
And that makes your deal invalid.
[door closes]
[engine starts]
[gloomy music]
[Kelly] I still can't believe
you pulled this off.
It's what I do.
I took your request to my superiors.
And?
They left it to my discretion.
We are willing to come to an arrangement
for you to work with us
for the duration of your sentence.
Half my sentence.
What?
Half my sentence, five years.
Your sentence is for 20 years.
Then a quarter of my sentence.
[chuckles]
You are in no position to negotiate.
Fine.
Five years.
["Rise" by Dinachi Onuzo playing]
♪ Oh, we thought we were grown ♪
♪ We were grown ♪
♪ Reaching for that mountaintop ♪
♪ But here we are down below ♪
♪ Down below ♪
♪ Reaching for that mountaintop ♪
-[inaudible dialogue]
-♪ So close your eyes, come to fight ♪
♪ Say a prayer for me, child ♪
♪ Close your eyes, counter fire ♪
♪ Say a prayer ♪
♪ And we will rise ♪
♪ Out of the darkness ♪
♪ Oh, we will rise ♪
♪ From the darkness of our shadow ♪
♪ The glory is not ours ♪
♪ Neither is it yours ♪
♪ But we will rise ♪
♪ Hmm ♪
♪ Oh, we will rise ♪
♪ Someday the river will overflow ♪
♪ Will overflow ♪
♪ And that day it has appeared ♪
♪ Oh, that day it has appeared ♪
♪ Sink or swim, who could know
Who could know ♪
♪ Now that day it has appeared ♪
♪ Oh, that day it has appeared ♪
♪ So close your eyes, come to fight ♪
♪ Say a prayer for me, child ♪
♪ Close your eyes counter fire
Say a prayer ♪
♪ And we will rise out of the darkness ♪
♪ Oh, we will rise ♪
♪ From the darkness of our shadow ♪
♪ The glory is not ours ♪
♪ Neither is it yours ♪
♪ But we will rise ♪
♪ Oh, we will rise ♪
♪ We will rise ♪
♪ Oh, we will rise out of the darkness ♪
♪ Oh, we will rise ♪
♪ From the darkness of our shadow ♪
♪ The glory is not ours ♪
♪ Neither is it yours ♪
♪ Hmm ♪
♪ But we will rise ♪